XXADAMXX is.
XXADAMXX likes the color blue. Maybe.
XXADAMXX thinks, therefore he is.
XXADAMXX is teacher of the year!
XXADAMXX guards his personal data VERY CAREFULLY.
XXADAMXX likes to rap in his spare time.
XXADAMXX does not sleep. He waits.
XXADAMXX persists on a diet consisting purely of Best Teacher awards.
The First rule of Chuck Norris is: you do not talk about Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity... Twice. 	
If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you. If you can't see Chuck Norris you may be only seconds away from death. 	
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep at night he checks his closet for Chuck Norris. 	
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of animals Chuck Norris allows to live. 	
The chief export of Chuck Norris is hacking.
Chuck Norris uses pepper spray to spice up his steaks. 	
Crop circles are Chuck Norris' way of telling the world that sometimes corn needs to lie down. 	
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris, not the box jellyfish of northern Australia, is the most venomous creature on earth. Within 3 minutes of being bitten, a human being experiences the following symptoms: fever, blurred vision, beard rash, tightness of the jeans, and the feeling of being repeatedly kicked through a car windshield. 	
Most people have 23 pairs of chromosomes. Chuck Norris has 72... and they're all poisonous. 	
If you ask Chuck Norris what time it is, he always says, "Two seconds 'til." After you ask, "Two seconds 'til what?" he hacks your crap.
When Chuck Norris sends in his taxes, he sends blank forms and includes only a picture of himself, crouched and ready to hack. Chuck Norris has not had to pay taxes, ever. 	
The quickest way to a man's heart is with Chuck Norris' laptop.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves. 
Chuck Norris can win a game of chess in only one move... a roundhouse kick to the face. 	
Chuck Norris once ate three 72 oz. steaks in one hour. He spent the first 55 minutes winning CTFs.
Chuck Norris is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis. 	
Chuck Norris doesn't churn butter. He hacks the cows and the butter comes straight out. 	
If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever. 	
Chuck Norris originally appeared in the "Street Fighter II" video game, but was removed by Beta Testers because every button caused him to do hack everything. When asked bout this "glitch," Adam replied, "That's no glitch."
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool Chuck Norris once and he will hack you in the face. 
Chuck Norris once bet NASA he could survive re-entry without a spacesuit. On July 19th, 1999, Chuck Norris re-entered the earth's atmosphere, streaking over 14 states and reaching a temperature of 3000 degrees. An embarrassed NASA publically claimed it was a meteor, and still owes him a beer. 	
Faster than a speeding bullet ... more powerful than a locomotive ... able to leap tall buildings in a single bound... yes, these are some of Chuck Norris's warm-up exercises. 	
Chuck Norris is the only human being to display the Heisenberg uncertainty principle -- you can never know both exactly where and how quickly he will hack you.
Chuck Norris can hack so hard that he can actually alter your DNA. Decades from now your descendants will occasionally clutch their heads and scream. 
Time waits for no man. Unless that man is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't shower, he only takes binary baths.
The Chuck Norris military unit was not used in the game Civilization 4, because a single Chuck Norris could defeat the entire combined nations of the world in one turn.
XXADAMXX's date of birth exibits anti-memetic properties and can never be fully conceptualized.
